README.md, before:

# tf-cv-site

This project provides a simple TypeScript setup powered by [Vite](https://vitejs.dev/) for building a static website that can be published to GitHub Pages.

A small Leaflet demo map is included. Points of interest are loaded from `src/pois.yaml` and displayed with marker clustering.

## Development

```bash
npm run dev
```

Open `http://localhost:5173` to view the site during development.

## Build

```bash
npm run build
```

The build output is generated in the `dist` directory.

## Test

```bash
npm test
```

Runs the Vitest test suite.

## Deploy to GitHub Pages

```bash
npm run deploy
```

This builds the site and publishes the contents of `dist` to the `gh-pages` branch using the `gh-pages` package.

## Customization

Map appearance and typography can be tweaked through `src/style.css` which
defines a set of CSS variables. The `--map-tint` variable controls a filter
applied to each tile and defaults to a pastel palette. Variables like
`--font-family`, `--font-size`, `--bg-color` and `--text-color` let you adjust
the site's global look and feel. Marker icon images are located in
`src/assets`; replace these files to customize the pins shown on the map.

Commit message:

ui: split sections into individual pages

README.md, after:

# tf-cv-site

This project provides a simple TypeScript setup powered by [Vite](https://vitejs.dev/) for building a static website that can be published to GitHub Pages.

A small Leaflet demo map is included. Points of interest are loaded from `src/pois.yaml` and displayed with marker clustering.

The site is organised as three pages accessible from the navigation menu:
`cv.html`, `map.html` and `portfolio.html`.

## Development

```bash
npm run dev
```

Open `http://localhost:5173` to view the site during development.

## Build

```bash
npm run build
```

The build output is generated in the `dist` directory.

## Test

```bash
npm test
```

Runs the Vitest test suite.

## Deploy to GitHub Pages

```bash
npm run deploy
```

This builds the site and publishes the contents of `dist` to the `gh-pages` branch using the `gh-pages` package.

## Customization

Map appearance and typography can be tweaked through `src/style.css` which
defines a set of CSS variables. The `--map-tint` variable controls a filter
applied to each tile and defaults to a pastel palette. Variables like
`--font-family`, `--font-size`, `--bg-color` and `--text-color` let you adjust
the site's global look and feel. Marker icon images are located in
`src/assets`; replace these files to customize the pins shown on the map.
